tf2logparser
============

A log parser for the game Team Fortress 2, written in Javascript for use with node.js. It retrieves stats and game events, and then outputs the data to JSON format.

**This project is not yet in npm, the text below is just demonstrating the end usage.**

Once this is more mature, you will be able to install using:
`npm install tf2logparser`

And in the code, use:
`var tf2logsparser = require('tf2logparser');`

More information to come here as the project is developed.

Developer Notes
===============
This project **will** be using TDD/BDD principles. If you submit a pull request, and it does not have relevant tests, it will be rejected/need to be corrected. This goes even if the code solves world hunger, or cancer, or is magically able to teleport complex objects to another place.

Be sure your commits messages are descriptive.

As of right now, this project will be using Expresso and Should.
http://visionmedia.github.com/expresso/ and http://tjholowaychuk.com/post/656851606/expresso-tdd-framework-for-nodejs
http://github.com/visionmedia/should.js

In order to run the tests, you will need to have Node and NPM installed.
In the base directory, run the following commands:
    npm install expresso
    npm install should
    npm install -g expresso #I needed to do this in order to get the "expresso" command in the shell. YMMV

Once that is done, while still in the base directory, run:
`expresso`

This will run everything in the test directory (well, the files named *.test.js).
